[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: There's a lot of
different configuration options here,
which I'll get into in a little bit.
But now that we have the security
group created, I'm gonna go ahead and
create an Amazon RDS instance to
associate with this environment.
So it is possible to create
an RDS instance within
the Elastic Beanstalk
administrative interface.
But they recommend against doing that for
a production configuration because
environments are not necessarily durable.
They do get created and
deleted with more frequency.
So the typical way that you
are instructed to set this up is to create
an RDS instance independently and
then add it to the security group
associated with your Elastic Beanstalk EC2
instances, so they can talk to each other.
So that's what we're gonna do right now.
So we'll scroll down, I'm on
the console home page, and go to RDS.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
we'll go down to Instances, and
we are going to launch a DB instance.
And in this case,
we are going to choose Postgres.
And to stay in the free tier, we'll
use this dev/test version of Postgres.
And then the other handy option here is
only show options that are eligible for
the free tier, so for
just messing around, it's good to,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Check that out.
And we can leave the defaults here for
the most part.
So the database instance
identifier we will call
to dos or to do NBC,
it doesn't really matter.
And then we're gonna configure a username
and password for our database.
Now in this case, because our
database isn't open to the world,
these aren't necessarily
super secret squirrel values.
So I'm gonna choose aws user and
aws password for these values.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
now I'm going to select the security
group to add this instance to.
I can leave those default settings, but
I need to be able to choose the security
group associated with my EB instance.
So let's see, EWSEB security group.
I forget what it actually was.
Let me go to my output here.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Might have to go
refresh my memory on which one that was.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And as we can see, our
environment is degraded right now because
it's underconfigured, and
we still need to do a few things.
I'm gonna go in here,
go into my instance configuration, and
see that security group is something
that looks like that, XTUIAQ.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And we don't want
the load balancer security group,
we want the Elastic Beanstalk
security group because it's those
EC2 instances that need to
actually talk to the database.
And now these values matter,
if you remember the database name
that we have configured by
default in our configuration,
I believe it's just called todos.
So that's we're gonna call it in
our actual application as well.
We can leave the default port, and
a lot of these other options
we can tweak a little bit.
But right now, we can launch our instance,
and it is gonna take a few minutes,
that is not a lie.
So that instance is being spun up,
it's gonna be added to the security
group that our Elastic Beanstalk
application can access.
So while that's happening, let's head back
into the console for Elastic Beanstalk and
do some configuration that we
needed to take care of anyway.
So at the software level,
there's a couple things we need to do.
So this software configuration
refers to the actual
Linux operating environment that
our application is executing in.
And there are some other properties that
we can tweak in here that will be useful.
So for a Node.js instance,
you have the option of using either
engine X or Apache as a proxy server for
your Node JASS application, or
you can use you know proxy server at all.
But probably,
you do you want to have that, and
then you can specify which Node version
you'd like to run on your instances.
And the most recent version of
Node that you can elect for
your instance right now is 622.
There is a listing of this in
the documentation that you can refer to.
So we'll update that to the latest
Node version that we can.
We'll leave this blank because we have
an NPM start script, which is going to
specify the command, which actually
launches our web application.
And now when we scroll down a little bit,
there are a couple of pieces
that we do wanna configure.
So one of the things we wanna
make sure we do is have
our static assets served by
engine X rather than Node
cuz engine X is going to do a much faster
and better job of serving those up for us.
So we're going to map the static path,
so any incoming HTTP requests that go
to /static will be mapped to a virtual
directory within our application.
In this case,
that's going to be the public directory,
which is generated by our Grunt tasks.
So, we're gonna go ahead and add that.
And we also need a couple environment
variables, so we are actually gonna
be populating our RDS connection string
here, but we don't have that quite yet.
So what we'll do for
now is configure a few other bits we need,
number one is we need to create
a environment variable indicating that
our Node environment is production.
We also need to indicate that for
NPM, NPM should only install
the direct dependencies of our project,
not the dev dependencies.
They don't need to install all the Grunt
crap that we need for local development.
They just need
the production dependencies.
So, I'm gonna specify
NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION equals true.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
then just as a placeholder,
I'm gonna put in RDS_CONNECTION_URL, and
that's going to be the actual
database connection string for
the Postgres database that we just kicked
off the creation of a little while ago.
So let's go over here and
view our database instances and
see how we're doing.
So, it looks like our instance
is not quite created yet,
so we don't have an endpoint for
it as yet.
So, once it's actually created,
we'll have an endpoint that
our Elastic Beanstalk application can
actually address in this application.
So, hasn't been created yet, so
we'll check back here in a little bit.
But for now,
we'll apply those configuration changes.
And whenever we change
the configuration like this,
the environment is gonna start an update.
So if you only have one instance,
Elastic Beanstalk will spin up
another instance and begin the update.
And then once the update is complete, it
will start accepting all the traffic, and
then other instances that need to be
updated will be updated after that.
Yeah, so this is going down.
We'll check in again on our RDS instance.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Still creating.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right, so once we
have the RDS URL that we can add to our
configuration, we are gonna be
mostly ready to actually deploy.
So to get ready for that, we're going to
run the Grunt collect_static command.
>> Kevin Whinnery: What's going on?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Unable to find local
grunt, yeah, we need to do npm install.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right, so
these steps that are actually preparing
the application, in our case,
happen on a continuous integration server.
So when we push a commit to master,
RCI server is going to
create all of our static assets and
do whatever command line
functions are necessary to get
our application ready to deploy.
And then we will actually
zip up a deployment artifact
that we will send to
Elastic Beanstalk from our CI server.
We'll send that to S3, and
then we'll kick off a deploy of
that artifact that we created.
In our case,
we're gonna be doing the creation of
the zip file right here on my laptop.
But typically, what you would do is
set up a continuous integration server
that would actually execute
all of these tasks for you.
So we're doing npm install
getting all of this ready, so
we can execute our Grunt task
to create our static assets and
the public directory where
all of those will be held.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
while that's happening,
we can check back in on RDS land.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So it's backing up,
which means it's pretty close,
that's good.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right,
and while that's happening,
there is one last piece of
configuration that we need to do.
We're gonna go into our EC2 configuration.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Let's
see where is this,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Clusters,
task definitions, repositories.
Wait, that's ECS, not EC2.
That is for Docker containers, I'm not
interested in Docker containers right now.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right, so
we're gonna go into our security group
configuration for our EC2 instances and
look for some security group.
So we have two security groups that were
created for our todo NBC application.
One was created for
our Elastic load balancer configuration,
and one was created for our EC2 instances.
So I'm going to take a look at this one.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And yup, I think that's
the security group we're looking for.
Now, I need to go over here to the inbound
tab, I see a lot of heads in hands here.
I know, I feel your pain, but
the initial setup is definitely
where most of the pain is.
So what we're gonna do is
edit inbound rules, and
we already have a rule that's
gonna allow HTTP requests
on port 80 to be accepted for
the security group.
We're gonna add a rule,
it's going to be for Postgratis SQL.
And we are going to put in the security
group again for our EB instance.
So that's gonna be this one,
this AWS EB security group blabadee bloop.
And we'll hit Save.
>> Kevin Whinnery: This is being recorded.
Don't worry, you can go back and
check it out.
All right, so now, let's see if we
have our RDS instance ready to go.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Awesome,
it looks like it is available.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
now if we go to the configuration details,
we can see we actually have
an endpoint for it, which is great.
That means we can configure an environment
variable in our EC2 instances,
which contain the connection string for
the database.